Introduction
    - My design will model a player inventory system that uses a HashTable<string, int>. I have chosen this data 
    structure to model my game system because a HashTable is able to store an item(string) and also keep count(int) 
    of how many of this item that we have in our inventory. The reason this is the best data structure to use is
    simply because of the ability to store the number(count) of a certain item that we have. Using a HashTable for
    our game system will be helpful because knowing how many of an item is extremely important, one example of
    it's importantance is crafting items, certain items may require a certain amount of different items in order
    to craft the item.
Design Philosophy 
-Efficiency 
   	 -For my MultiSet implementation, I wanted to prioritize speed in my design. Speed is a huge focus of 
     all modern games; players want to be able to play a game that runs smoothly and gives seemingly instantaneous 
     feedback. For this exact reason, this is the main reasoning behind why the HashTable is an efficient choice 
     for a multiSet implementation. Most operations of the HashTable are constant time, which is perfect for what 
     I want to achieve speed-wise for the game. We can add more instances of an element without allocating extra 
     memory for duplicates.

-Simplicity
 Our Hash Table exemplifies simplicity; we are able to use the string to store the name of the item, then use the 
 int stored in to represent how many occurrences/instances we have of that specific item. This data structure is 
 also very intuitive in how it works, the client can easily see the intention of storing the object name as a 
 string, and then using the int to keep track of the number of occurrences for that element.
 Extensibility
	The Hash Table is easily extensible. This is perfect for games in this age, as they are constantly adding 
    features to their architecture. The core operations of the HashTable allow us to add a multitude of things 
    such as merging inventories, managing player stats, or even managing card games.



Readability
	HashTables are great for readability. The use of our key-value pairs is evidently clear that the key is the 
    name of the item, and the value is the number of that item. Other operations like the insert or remove 
    function, further demonstrate this readability


Core Operations
Every MultiSet should have 5 essential operations: an insert function, remove function, count function, 
and a contains function

Insert Function:
    -What it does conceptually in your chosen game scenario: 
	In my chosen game scenario, the insert function is responsible for adding items(key) into our player's 
    inventory. In addition to adding the item(key), the insert function must also add the number of instances. 
    This function can be used to accumulate items that may already be in the table, and update the value to 
    indicate how many of the items the player has in the inventory.
    • Its expected time complexity:
	The insert function has O(1) average time. This function simply inserts the key if it is not in the MultiSet; 
    if it is, then it will increment the value.
    • Possible edge cases or exceptional situations:
Inserting a key with an empty name
    • How your underlying data structure supports or constrains the operation:
	The HashTable data structure supports this operation well. The structure of a HashTable using key-value pairs 
    is perfect for what I want to achieve. If a key does not yet exist, the operation simply inserts the key with 
    a value of 1. If the key does exist, the value is incremented. We are able to have direct access, skipping the 
    need to look through all the keys, which can make our insertion near instantaneous.

Remove Function:
 -What it does conceptually in your chosen game scenario: 
In the selected game scenario, the remove function will decrement the value if the item already 
exists in the table. Further, if there is more than one of the item, the function will remove one of the 
items from the value. If no more of the item exists, or more simply put, if the value is 0, the item will 
be removed from the inventory. For example, if a player shoots arrows, every time an arrow is fired, 
the player must lose an arrow from their inventory, and if they run out of arrows, the item must 
disappear from the inventory 
 • Its expected time complexity:
	This function is expected to have O(1) average time complexity.
  • Possible edge cases or exceptional situations:
Count is already 0, in this case we do not want the player to have negative items, the player should simply run out, so no removal should be performed.
Removing more than the player has. Similar to the last case, we do not want the player to have negative items; 
therefore, no removal will be performed due to insufficient funds, so to speak.
Removal of an item that does not exist. A player should not lose an item they do not have in their inventory
 • How your underlying data structure supports or constrains the operation:
	The use of a HashTable supports this operation because of quick access checking, the value can easily be 
    retrieved and either decremented if it is greater than zero otherwise, if it is equal to zero, the key can 
    be deleted, which helps free up memory after the item is completely gone.
 
Count Function:
	 -What it does conceptually in your chosen game scenario: 
		- The count function will provide the user with how many occurrences they have of a certain item. 
        This function is important because it can be used for crafting purposes. If a player does not have
         enough of an item, they are not able to craft another item.
	 • Its expected time complexity:
		Simply O(1) time. This function is just retrieving the value stored with the associated key.
 • Possible edge cases or exceptional situations:
- Getting the value associated with a key that does not exist. In this case, just return zero.
	 • How your underlying data structure supports or constrains the operation:
		The HashTable supports this operation because of its key-value setup. Since we are storing the count in 
        the value, we can return, value as how many we have. The HashTable also makes this extremely efficient 
        because the value is already stored. If a LinkedList were to be used, each element would have to be checked. If an AVL tree were used, duplicates would lead to a very complicated process. The HashTable is by far the best for the count function.

Contains function:
	 -What it does conceptually in your chosen game scenario: 
		In my game scenario, the contains function will be used to see if an element exists in the player's inventory. This function can allow a player to use a door if they have a key in their inventory, or even craft items if they have the required items in their inventory
	 • Its expected time complexity:
		Expected time complexity is O(1). This function just checks if the key exists or not.
	 • Possible edge cases or exceptional situations: N/A
	 • How your underlying data structure supports or constrains the operation:
	   A HashTable supports this operation well, since this operation only cares if the key exists, so we are 
       just checking for that. This function is also extremely quick and efficient.


Set Operations
	Two set operations that are meaningful in my game are union_with() and intersection_with().


union_with():
-What it accomplishes in gameplay:
	The union function will be pivotal in joining the player's inventory with any other instance when the 
    player obtains loot or new items. The union operation is very important for the game because it is heavily 
    focused on obtaining loot from a multitude of situations that could range from other players, enemies, or 
    chests. Another application of this function is that the player could have items across multiple chests, 
    so the total count of the items in all chests is be able to be shown.

• How it manipulates your data structure :
	This operation manipulates the data structure by iterating through each key-value pair. The operation then 
    checks if the element is in the current MultiSet, if it is not the key-value pair is inserted with the count 
    obtained from the other MultiSet. If the element is there, the operation adds the counts together to obtain 
    the total count.
	
• Its conceptual complexity and any relevant edge cases 
	Conceptual: 
		The union function is straightforward. This operation acts as a way to add the counts of items together in 
        almost every case. For example, if there is 1 arrow in a MultiSet and 2 in another, there are 3 total 
        arrows. This is the logic behind the operation.

	Edge Cases:
		Empty Sets. Empty Sets will be treated as if there is nothing.
		
inersection_with():
What it accomplishes in gameplay 
	The intersection operation can be used for checking if a player has the needed materials in their inventory 
    to craft an item. If the items are not shared, the player will be blocked from crafting the item. 
    This operation can also be used for determining if a player has the required items to complete a quest.
• How it manipulates your data structure 
This operation manipulates the data structure by iterating through the HashTables looking for the element in 
each table. If the element exists in each table, then allow the player to perform the necessary action. 
If the element does not exist in each table, do not allow the player to perform the action.

• Its conceptual complexity and any relevant edge cases 
	Conceptual complexity:
		Conceptually, it is clear that this operation is looking for shared elements among both HashTables. 
        The logic required for this is also clear, iterate through and make sure the player has all of the 
        needed items.
	Edge cases:
		-Shared element is empty. If the MultiSet we are checking is empty, this may cause an error. 
            This should be handled as if there were no requirements.
		- Inventory and Shared Set are empty. This should always fail because there is nothing to truly craft.

Extension Feature
The extension feature I chose for my game is craftRecipe(). Crafting is an essential part of games with inventories;
 being able to use items to craft something forces players to make strategic decisions about what they are willing 
 to sacrifice, and about what they are not willing to. I chose this function to be an extension because it is a 
 great representation of progression for the player.

	  New Method: craftRecipe(recipe, result)
		This method takes in the ingredients as the recipe; if the requirements for the recipe are met, then the 
        item(result) can be crafted. This method must be able to check if the valid ingredients are present, 
        decrement ingredients from the player's inventory, and increment or add the result to the player's 
        inventory.

This method will depend on other existing operations in our MultiSet, though. The contains function will be used to 
see if the player has the items in their inventory that are necessary to craft the item. Another operation that 
will be used is the count operation. This operation will be used to check if the player has enough of each item. 
The removal operation will ensure that ingredients are consumed after the player crafts an item. The add operation 
will be used to add the crafted item to the inventory.


UML Diagram/ Abstraction Boundary

Hidden Data/Operations:

///////////////////////////////////////////////////////////


UML DIAGRAM HERE


////////////////////////////////////////////////////////
		
        The HashTable data structure is hidden from the user for a few reasons. 
It is not important for the user to know what data structure is being used. Having the user understand the 
operations is more valuable the understanding the data structure
The user knowing the data structure may allow the user to be intentional in breaking the game. There are many 
situations of the data structure that rely on the best-case performance. The user can intentionally cause 
collisions.If a user understands what structure is used, this may enable the user to easily modify elements in the table.
		
        The helper methods must be hidden because:
If the consumeIngredients method were visible to the user, the user would be able to use it without having checked 
if the needed items are present These helpers are not relevant to the user; the user is simply focused on whether 
they are able to craft the item or not. Hiding these methods endorses simplicity for the user.

Trade-Off Analysis
The HashTable was my choice over the Sequence data structure for a few reasons. Mainly, I wanted to prioritize 
speed in my design. The HashTable provides O(1) average time for my essential operations(add, remove, count, 
contains) of the game. As a Sequence grows in size, the O(N) is simply not viable for the speed of the game. 
For example if a player wants to check how many apples they have, the whole sequenced must be traversed to 
determine the total amount of apples. Also, the Sequence data structure does not store unique duplicates, 
every insertion is able to put in the Sequence. This is inefficient and a waste of memory.



          HashTable                 |       Sequence
add       O(1) average case              O(1)
remove   O(1) average case              O(N)
count    O(1) average case              O(n)
contains  O(1) average case            O(n)
                            Disadvantages 
Worst Case is O(n)
No Guranteed Order                 Slow traversal because of O(N) time.
                                   Inefficient for memory
                    Advantages
Good for memory
Reduced Search Time
Scales well for inventory           Easier to understand
                                    Sequential Order
                                    Good for ordered data



Alternitive Design Sketch
If I had chosen to use the Sequence data structure for my design, the main difference would be the storage. 
For the HashTable, I am using { “arrow”, 2} to show that the player has 2 arrows in their inventory. For the 
Sequence, the data could be stored like this [ “arrow”, “x”, “arrow”, “x”].

	How it would differ:
Operation                   Modifactions 
add                         The inserted element would need to be appended to the end of the list
remove                      Linear search O(N) to find an element and delete it.
count                       Traverse(Linear Search) the entire list to find every occurrence and increment it
contains                    Linear search through the list to check if the sequence contains it.
craftRecipe                 Use a linear search multiple times to verify each ingredient.


Evaluation Plan
Conclusion/Reflection